hello everyone with you dmitry green and now
I 'll explain how and where to get dad
equipment in draenor if you of course
play as a character horde faction
let's start with the fact that pvp equipment is
two kinds
you on equipment purchased for honor points
equipment purchased for conquest points
pvp outfit bought hares
conquest is better than equipment you
buy for honor points but in order to
consistently gain conquest points for us
still have to assemble a complete set
equipment purchased for honor points
There are two ways to get points in the game.
the honor is both related to murder
players of the opposite faction method 1
you can just walk the world
look for players of the opposite faction and
kill them
second way he is more productive you
can walk on battlefields differently they
are called bg from the english battle
ground
after the battle is over to you
a certain amount of honor points listed
the amount will depend on how you
showed themselves on the battlefield
and whether you lost or
won
also at the end of bg you may
drop a chest in which can get caught
free pvp gear to
but she may have different quality all
depends on how you showed yourself on
the battlefield also in these chests can
drop out gold and extra points
honor after several field hikes
battlefield you accumulate a decent amount of points
honor that you can change
here your earlier now show you where
you can actually change it
Here we go in this building
and change honor points to npc equipment
under the name dark hunter
guarantor after you collect the whole
pvp-kit purchased
honor bunnies and you can try yourself
in the arena for this you will need
mate for winning the arena you will
points are gained conquest that you
You can spend on better pvp
equipment and so to get to the arena
open the pvp group search tab
ranking battles arenas 2 by 2 and join
We are going to fight with a partner
on the arena amassed
a certain amount of points of conquest come to
vendor whose name is lieutenant couple
fight and buy clothes from him already for points
conquests they differ they are better than those
clothes you bought for honor points
this npc is located
here now show you on the map
You can also go to the rating fields
fight
to the arena 3 for 3 5 for 5 but I personally
I advise you to do it only after
you will get a complete set
pvp-equipment bought for points
conquest and now briefly about the main thing
First we go to bb farm honor points
equip further we go to arena two
on two we will be equipped and we can go already on
all four sides even up to bb even though
3 on 3
at least for rbg rating battlegrounds on this
everything
if I helped you something put me
likes recommend my videos to your
co-guilds thanks for watching so far